Docs: Switch code distinction to JSX & Plain (#37348)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/how-to-guides/javascript/versions-and-building.md

# JavaScript Versions and Build Step

The Block Editor Handbook shows JavaScript examples in two syntaxes: JSX and Plain.

> Plain refers to JavaScript code compatible with WordPress's minimum [target for browser support](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/browser-support/) without requiring a transpilation step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plain refers to JavaScript code compatible with WordPress's minimum [target for browser support](https://make.wordpress.org/core/handbook/best-practices/browser-support/) without requiring a transpilation step. This step is commonly referred to as a build process.
```
We use the phrases _build_ or _build process_ in other places to refer to this step. Just wanted to be sure we're clear that it's all the same thing.

"JSX" doesn't refer to a specific version of JavaScript, but refers to the latest language definition plus

> [JSX syntax](https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html), a syntax that blends HTML and JavaScript. JSX makes it easier to read and write markup code, but does require a build step to transform into code compatible with browers. Webpack and babel are the tools that perform this transformation step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[JSX syntax](https://reactjs.org/docs/introducing-jsx.html), a syntax that blends HTML and JavaScript. JSX makes it easier to read and write markup code, but does require a build step to transpile into code compatible with browers. Webpack and babel are the tools that perform this transpilation step.
```
